cat-log Tail Mode (#2620)
cylc/cylc-ui: changes.d/2620.feat.md

> The log viewer in the GUI/web UI now supports two viewing modes toggled via a HEAD/TAIL button: HEAD mode (default) shows the start of the file and follows new lines, while TAIL mode shows the most recent lines. Users can configure a global "Maximum log lines" setting in their User Profile (default 5000, max 50000) to control memory usage and UI performance. A truncation banner indicates which end of the file has been omitted when the file exceeds the configured limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The log view now supports two viewing modes toggled via a HEAD/TAIL button: HEAD mode (default) shows the start of the file and follows new lines, while TAIL mode shows the most recent lines. Users can configure a global "Maximum log lines" setting in their User Profile to control memory usage and UI performance.
```

Author: Good changes and I have merged them.  I was expecting to have to re-do the changelog after review tbh, I suspect there are a few changes still needed.
